unless you've been living under a rock
you have seen prices rising just about
everywhere and in today's video I'm
going to tell you why that's going to
accelerate you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you how can
prices accelerate when we're already up
in the moon well I'm telling you we're
going to go past the moon into Mars
because things are getting real hot why
you ask well I'm going to break that
down today we are going to look at the
number one group that is responsible for
what you have seen for the prices at
your grocery store for the house prices
for the car prices and everything else
how can one group be responsible for all
of that in a global scenario I'm talking
about this in every country just about
and in every sector just about how could
this be well this level of coordination
is not an accident this happens
throughout a cycle and right now what we
are seeing is simply part of that you
might be asking yourself this is the
time in which we should be at the
Forefront understanding the latest
information so that we can stay in tune
with it so that we are going to make the
changes and of course that's why you are
here we've got to talk about those
groups being the central banks the
central banks pois for rate Cuts in 2024
investors and economists predict and
this is widely accepted that in 2024
there will be lots of rate Cuts we don't
exactly know how many and when they'll
start but overwhelmingly they do believe
that rate Cuts will come what has
happened up until this point has been a
very serious problem okay we've had
these aggressive rate hikes and that has
become an issue we've seen this
particularly in the real estate market
commercial real estate primarily and you
have that burden on the these landlords
on these businesses who have been
relying on super low interest rates for
so long if you are reading articles if
you're talking about these economists
out there they only like to mention the
fact that rates have been rising but
what happened before that the central
banks brought interest rates down to you
know these super low levels for such a
long period of time after the financial
crisis they tried to just for a little
bit increase interest rates 2018 time
frame depending on the country oh my
goodness that did not go over well and
then in
2020 they brought them down to zero they
started buying mortgage back Securities
why in the world would they buy mortgage
back Securities knowing that the real
estate market was on fire why are you
trying to support a market that is
already gone to the Moon well of course
they wanted to bring it to Mars instead
and so that's an unfortunate
circumstance San Francisco small
business owners are calling for help and
basically what they're saying is in this
example that you can't get a loan so
it's or or if you can't get a loan the
terms are are ridiculous interest only
and all that and so many businesses have
to close up shop simply because they
can't afford the debt you think that
business goes in with cash that's not
how it works for the most part
businesses small medium and large are
using debt to some degree and when they
do that at 0% they're going to be
borrowing at a very reasonable rate and
they can make it happen your margins are
there right if you're operating one type
of business or another you know that
determines what your margin will be how
successful you are all these things but
when interest rates are so high that
squeezes your your margins down and of
course we see that today and so many of
them are just saying I'm done I'm
walking and this is becoming an issue
for the lenders it's a different problem
that we had during the housing crisis
but now primarily affecting commercial
real estate you see when you look at the
average person the average person
Believe It or Not does have a lot of
equity in their homes and that can keep
them safe for a while think of it like a
little bit of insulation in between the
crisis and them so that's okay if
everything stays the way it is and going
in in this trajectory but commercial
real estate it's a very different world
because they don't hold on to their
properties for that long it's always
shortterm debt okay very shortterm debt
that is rolled over at this time higher
interest rates are affecting them to a
great degree where as the average real
estate um you know residential real
estate is is on a very right now at this
time a very low interest for a very long
time so they're not affected by that to
as much of a problem except when you
look at it in like Canada Australia and
other places where they're dealing with
um you know those higher interest rates
right away it's also that short-term
scenario you uh us Office Buildings face
$117 billion debt P bomb that's not my
words that's coming out of the article
okay mortgages do this year threatened
to sink the US economy as thousands of
workplaces remain empty and what did I
say about the US government many
departments of the US government the
occupancy rate in these buildings
7% 9%
133% imagine that they're all empty why
are they even there why are they sucking
up your tax dollars do you understand
that you should be enraged by this
either bring them all into work or
simply say we're going to sell off this
real estate we're going to give that
money back to the public not just ruin
it in the way that they
do pick one of the two you can sell that
property give them people their money
back as it belongs to them or on the
other hand uh you got to bring everybody
back to work it it's got to be one of
those two you can't just leave these
properties with like 90% vacancy I mean
it's it's ridiculous it is absolutely
ridiculous to waste your tax dollars $34
trillion in terms of the national debt I
mean you got a problem and you can't get
out of it now hundreds of loans on
office buildings are about to come due
at a very bad time loans were taken out
in a time of low interest rates and now
hard to refinance too many of the loans
defaulting could trigger the banking
crisis and hurt the economy and what's
important to note people should realize
that Regional banks are still very much
exposed to the troubles in commercial
real estate that's the one that is the
big one the commercial mortgage back
security Market has done a good job of
spreading out the risk but that means
there will be pain to go around you see
a lot of companies are going to get hurt
because there will be failures it's
going to be default they're not going to
be able to pay back it's just a matter
of time how widespread that is I'm not
so sure we've gone a year with very few
failures although we did have several
big ones uh about a year ago so where
that goes from here that remains to be
seen but certainly it is a problem
because we do know as it says right here
more big companies are set to collapse
in 2024 this is not a
surprise you do this you increase r
interest rates you are going to weed out
the Bad actors you are going to create a
situation in which companies with very
narrow margins who you know maybe were
running on all like Venture Capital
money and were never making profit those
type of companies likely will suffer
especially during these times spack
companies accounted for at least 21
bankruptcies but check this out they had
a 46 bill billion dollar of lost
investor value 46 billion those poor
investors were going in this phase in
this Insanity of hey we'll just throw
money into a spack I heard it's cool let
me throw some cash in there oops it's
gone okay that that's not good we know
that's not good because it shows us how
crazy things
got like you know you can't do that you
you need stability you need the
foundation you need a real business plan
and you need to actually show that
you're doing it so many of these
companies they have an idea they kind of
do something but there's no real
longterm model one of those actually two
of those companies being Uber and Lyft
are entirely running on the idea that we
are going to have autonomous drivers
driving those vehicles at some point in
the near future how many years the
entire thing is like no we're not making
any money now but one day we're going to
make a lot of money because we can fire
those
drivers uh
okay and this is just talking about the
fact that the
individual had excess savings purchasing
power that was released by the fact that
people were staying home especially
white colar workers and right now you
know the circumstance is that things
have really tightened up the savings
have declined considerably and people
are as Walmart CEOs as being choiceful
and this means that you've got to pick
your you know create your choices you
know very very mindfully watch out what
you're doing where you put your cash
don't right now is not the time to go
invest in the C crazy ideas that you
might have watch out if we do move into
a situation in which it's a shallow
recession and or or no recession at all
and things are going well they start
cutting interest rates slowly and easily
maybe the quantitative tightening stops
there no real bank failures to hear
about you know just some smaller
companies are
failing then it gets time to invest into
some more risk assets
but at this time you got to balance that
out watch the risk if they go
quantitative easing they flip that and
they do some sort of back door
quantitative easing I'll tell you on
this channel when they do it I told you
in 2019 when they were doing it with the
repo operations I cover that here and we
know what happened with the market it
was so obvious what was going on of
course that was stimulus that was
quantitative easing and then the market
went up as a result of course everybody
on this channel at that time setember
17th 2019 knew all about it on a daily
basis and so during this time we are
kind of in this wait and see moment but
it's looking bullish and bullish and
that's why I told you back in you know
September of
2022 that I think this is a bottom in
the Market at least temporarily I'll
address it at that time and we move
through and hey look at this pinpointed
it I'm trying to help everybody as best
I can because I look at this through the
data through the lens of data itself not
through some other person's you know
View and that I just I I watch their
videos I don't watch any of those videos
I don't watch any newscaster I don't
watch any you know I don't read any
particular you know author or anything
like this I get the raw data if you want
to get on the inside then you've got to
join my live classes okay this is I
actually fixed it up a little bit I
fixed up the text in here and I actually
put the checkout page right there so
click that one button stripe brings you
in and you could do that I've got um
more people joining in there's obviously
not everybody can join what is it what
am I talking about live classes Friday I
go through on Friday session I go
through and I break down everything
that's happening so you get that
information like we were just talking
about in this video two hours worth on a
Friday session Sunday session is for
people wanting to build an e-commerce
business because maybe they're saying I
don't think where I'm living is maybe
the right place or maybe I want to plan
B so that I can walk if I need to that's
the Sunday session 2 hours as well if
you're interested check the link in the
description and I will break that uh
down in those paragraphs there and
there's a checkout page if you would
like I want to thank you for being here
hit that thumbs up button and as always
join me here tomorrow for the latest and
greatest